A dream?
Where's this coming from?
Not that I'm bothered,
but after all the years
we've known each other,
it seems rather sudden.
I never brought it up, but I've
thought about it for a while,
about the kind of life
I want to live
once I can leave
Hinamizawa on my own.
And I decided what
I want is something new.
I'd like a life totally
different from the one I know.
When I wake up,
I'll turn the page
on my calendar
knowing everything
the day has in store for me
will be a surprise.
And the reality will
always be something more
than I could have imagined.
It'll be a world full of
wondrous, splendid,
unexpected things.
Of course.
I'll need to get into
the kind of school
where I can live that life,
and obviously, I want my best
friend to be there at my side.
Basically, I wanna go
live the high life
with you at a fancy
boarding school, Satoko!
Ni‐paa!
Well, it's hardly a mystery
why you would want
a change of scenery after
so many years in this village.
And the fact that
our club's activities
have been utterly
defanged doesn't help.
But really,
it's not healthy
to get preoccupied
with high school entrance exams
when they're years away.
We still have all of
middle school ahead of us,
so do you plan on spending
that whole time worrying
about what you'll score
on a test at the very end?
You're only saying that
because you hate the idea of
studying for entrance exams.
Even the very thought of
having to study gives you
a great big headache,
doesn't it, Satoko?
[SATOKO] Wha...? That is a
complete mischaracterization!
I have excellent study skills,
and when a subject interests me,
I'm more than happy to use them,
and we both know
that you hate studying
more than anyone on the planet.
I'm not going
to bother denying it.
I've always hated studying,
and that hasn't changed at all.
But then,
I've never had the chance
to leave Hinamizawa,
and until now, I felt like
I couldn't tell anybody
I was thinking about it.
Wow, Rika.
[RIKA]
So I'm going to slog through it.
I have to, if I want
to make my dream come true.
And if there's a way,
I really want you to be a part
of that dream too, Satoko.
It looks like that
stubborn streak of yours
is coming out again.
Fine, then, I'm with you.
Let's get into your
fancy‐pants school.
[RIKA]
You really mean it?
I can't promise that
I'll be able to keep up
with you all the way through.
Though honestly,
I expect you to reach your
breaking point before I do.
I'm gonna prove you wrong.
Nothing can stop me
from going to that school!
Go, fight, win,
and all that stuff!
[KEIICHI]
Face forward! Bow!
[CLASS]
Bye!
Oh! I know we have club
and everything, but what if‐‐
[RIKA]
Chie.
Yes, what is it I can do
for you, Ms. Furude?
Can we look at this problem?
Problems like
this can be intimidating,
but they're not half
as hard as they look.
This is the formula
you need to apply.
That girl is going
to stunt her growth
with all this extra studying
she's subjecting herself to.
Oh, hey. What's with Rika?
She's studying
for entrance exams.
But why?
You two just started your
first year of middle school!
That's exactly what I said, too.
What school is
she going to shoot for?
The one Mion goes to
in Okinomiya, I guess?
[RENA]
St. Lucia Academy. Hmm...
I could almost swear
I've heard that name
somewhere before.
[KEIICHI]
Oh yeah!
I'm pretty sure that's where
Shion goes to school, isn't it?
[RIKA]
That's exactly right.
A high‐end boarding school
for well‐to‐do young ladies.
And you're about as ladylike
as any girl I've ever met, Rika!
Awoo!
And all the buildings
on campus look so cute!
Seeing the architecture
is what made me fall
in love with this school.
But tuition's really high.
Don't you need, like,
Sonozaki money to enroll there?
[RIKA]
I talked about it with Irie.
He said he could cover all
the expenses for me and Satoko.
Heh heh... Good luck then,
Coach's bank account.
‐‐Good luck.
‐‐Wait! You're going there too?
Yes, well. I'm not convinced
St. Lucia will be a fit for me,
but Rika will be
devastated if I don't.
We'll see if they
can win me over
by the time I pass their test.
I think you're assuming
some things there
that might not be true.
For starters, you gotta
place crazy high to get in.
[chortles]
I could walk into
their exam in my sleep
and then walk out
with a perfect score!
You guys,
I've been dreaming of
getting into
St. Lucia for years.
I need this.
If you've got time,
I was hoping I could ask the
two of you to help me study.
Of course we'll
help you out, Rika!
If you ever have a question,
we're happy to work
through it with you.
It feels like a lot to ask.
You two have already
done so much for me,
along with everyone else.
Don't worry about it!
It's fine.
My old school was really tough.
If you wanna ace this exam,
just leave it to me!
[RIKA]
Thank you so much!
And we'll be working
your brain over too, Satoko!
[SATOKO] My brain is just
fine exactly the way it is,
thank you!
And to celebrate,
let's kick off our club
activities for today
with an Endless
English Word Chain!
Yeah!
Yeah! Let's do this!
[KEIICHI]
Okay, let's get started!
Suddenly, she loves studying.
So how long do
we see this lasting?
[SATOKO]
Rika?
Are you in the bathroom?
Huh?
[SATOKO]
Rika?
[RIKA]
Huh?
Did I wake you up?
At least I know why
you've been missing
so much sleep lately.
[SATOKO] But why would
you want to keep it from me?
We're aiming to get
into the same school,
so it makes sense
for us to work together!
Mii.
It was because
I knew the pressure
would be on once you
started taking it seriously!
[chortles]
I'll stop holding back
when it starts to look
like a competition!
And now the real game begins!
Ni‐paa!
[RIKA]
Satoko.
The moment of truth is here.
Ready to go?
[SATOKO]
Hold on just a second.
Getting there sooner will hardly
make a difference, will it?
[RIKA]
No, but I can't stand waiting
anymore!
[SATOKO]
Hey, easy, Rika!
So the day has finally come.
You did bring your charm
from the shrine, right?
[SATOKO] The results
were up before we got here.
I don't see how good
fortune will help us now.
That's true, but it wouldn't
have hurt, would it?
It's okay.
We spent two and
a half years on this.
We made it, without a doubt!
All right, now let's go find
your number on that board.
Come on!
I made it!
Are you up there?
I'm so proud of you, Rika!
And if that sounded
like surprise,
I assure you it was
pure excitement.
You're fine, I know
what you're saying.
So now we just need
to go look for your number.
Uh! Hey, Rika.
Not that I'm worried, but...
Huh?
Hypothetically, if I don't
get in, and you did.
I suppose all our years of
seeing each other in class
every day will come
to an end here.
But they won't! You worked
way too hard for that!
Yeah. I did, didn't I?
And I certainly
wouldn't stand for you
showing me up at the climax!
Exactly, that's the spirit!
[chortles]
I'm gonna go find my number!
No way I came up short.
I worked myself half
to death getting here.
I truly despise studying,
but I still held on through all
the long days and late nights.
That hurt less than the thought
of not being with Rika.
[gasps]
No way.
[RIKA]
Satoko?
Looks like we're classmates.
[PRINCIPAL]
We at St. Lucia Academy seek
to cultivate excellence
in our students.
Not only in terms
of academic ability,
but also in etiquette,
taste, and poise.
In short, our mission is to
train up all of you in this room
into the finest women
your generation has to offer.
And as students
of this institution,
you are expected to uphold
our values at all times,
on campus and among the public.
As you each entrust
your potential to us,
we entrust the good name
of St. Lucia Academy to you.
Is there no quicker way
to tell us all this?
Are we starting the year
with an endurance test?
Bear with it.
You can't check out yet.
[SATOKO] That speech
could have killed me!
Derailing that droning mess
with a trap five minutes in
would have been considered
justified self‐defense.
[RIKA chuckles]
Poor, poor, pitiful Satoko.
[SATOKO] I wish Keiichi
could have been our principal.
He could give a
speech that people
would listen to by choice.
We're a little spoiled after
knowing Keiichi so long.
We might need to
lower our expectations.
Good tidings.
Good tidings to you.
People honestly
say that in real life?
This seems like a good time to
get settled into my dorm room.
[SATOKO] Yes, I should
probably do the same,
though I do wish they
could've put both of us
in the same dorm room.
It's okay.
We're in the same class!
That's true. Perhaps
I really am asking for too much.
Anyway, I'll see
you tomorrow, Rika.
You too. Have a good day.
Good tidings.
[RIKA]
Only the first day,
and she's got them
thinking she's one of them.
Hey, Rika, did you sleep well?
[TEACHER]
Everyone, be seated.
Once the bell rings, your
personal conversations are over.
Ms. Rika Furude.
If you'd kindly lead the
class in adjourning for today.
[RIKA]
Please stand. Bow.
[CLASSROOM]
Thank you very much, ma'am.
I never realized
just how exhausting
going to school could be.
Pardon me, but you're so pretty
I just had to say
something, Rika!
If you're available,
we'd love it if you'd
join us in the parlor for tea.
Really?
Yes, certainly.
I can't wait for the
older girls to meet you.
Think of it as an
introduction to high society.
Please join us!
If you're after my approval,
sure; the experience
will serve you well.
Sounds good!
If you're quite sure.
I have no doubt.
Well then. Let us be off.
Won't you come along?
I do appreciate you asking.
But really, that sounds
unbearably stuffy.
Bye, then.
If you enjoy a good debate,
I would love to hear your
rhetorical abilities in action!
We came here for
the sake of her dream.
It's not my place to interfere.
In any case,
I'm sure it won't take long
for all this surface‐level
sheen to wear thin.
[RIKA]
And so we're led to believe
that we're not really able
to alter our outcomes.
Though something
compels us to try.
A part of us
understands that the dice
will land however they will.
And that understanding
is what I refer to
when I speak of fate.
The way these insights
come pouring out of you,
I'll learn as much during
afternoon tea as I do in class!
You might be the most
engaging speaker I've ever met.
I keep having to remind myself
that we're the same age.
[TEACHER]
Ms. Hojo.
[GIRL D]
Rika?
Huh?
[GIRL D]
Is everything okay?
Of course.
I'm fine.
Starting tomorrow, you will need
to attend a study period
each day after class.
Really?
You're trying to tell me
I need to study even more?
In spite of your
feigned indignation,
you already knew that.
Your entrance exam
score told us one story,
but your grades tell another.
You'll have to fix it.
I went through
so much to get here.
I worked myself half to death!
And that's not enough?
Now you're telling me
to do it all over again?
You may have misunderstood.
No one is going
to force you to attend.
So you're only telling
me what my options are?
Yes.
In that case, I respectfully
decline your offer.
I can hardly think
of anything I'd‐‐
Of course.
Your other option is simple.
You may submit your
formal notice of withdrawal.
Huh? Withdrawal?
These are your options.
If that's clear,
we await your decision.
[RIKA]
Satoko?
[SATOKO]
Is something the matter?
No, but you would
ask me for help,
if ever the need should
arise, wouldn't you?
[chortles]
That's taking the
joke too far, Rika.
You'd be foolish to assume my
day ends after the final bell,
any more than yours does.
Pardon me, dear!
The way that girl laughs.
It's just vulgar.
I don't understand how
someone as coarse as that
could even gain
admission to this school.
[GIRL B] Well, in any case,
shall we head for the parlor?
Sure.
And I really have to come here
every day from now on?
[STUDY HALL GIRL]
Hey. Are you a first year?
I am. Why?
That's good.
You still have time.
There's a chance you can keep
your seat in the regular class.
Not like most of
the girls in here.
Everything the Academy does
is to enhance its reputation.
If you're not somebody they
want as part of their legacy,
they don't let you graduate.
The rich girls can't drop out
because all their families'
expectations are riding on them.
And the rest of us would be
leaving our parents bankrupt
with nothing to show for it.
So we're all trapped here.
It's hard to pull yourself up
if you fall out early on.
You wind up studying endlessly
just for the chance
to stay here.
Don't let that happen to you.
Get your grades up
before the end of the year.
If you can't,
starting next year,
you'll be joining these girls
in the special class.
What is the special class?
[STUDY HALL GIRL]
Put it this way.
If you drop out of
the regular class,
you can say goodbye
to what free time you have.
[cicadas crying]
Rika.
Do you remember what
you said to me back then?
[cicadas crying]
You wanted a
glamorous school life
with your best
friend at your side.
That's how you
got me to join you.
[SATOKO]
So please. Tell me...
[cicadas crying]
[SATOKO]
What do you think you're doing?
[RIKA] Next time:
Satokowashi‐hen, Part Three.